Add note on deprecated dynamic log level for etcd (#746)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/troubleshooting/kubernetes-components/troubleshooting-etcd-nodes.md

> ## Log Level

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure Log Level
```

:::note

> The ability to dynamically change the log level was deprecated in etcd v3.5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can no longer dynamically change the log level in etcd v3.5 or later.
```

:::

> ### etcd v3.5 and higher

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### etcd v3.5 And Later
```

> You can configure the log level for etcd in the cluster YAML, see example below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure the log level for etcd, edit the cluster YAML:
```

```
services:
  etcd:
    extra_args:
      log-level: "debug"
```

> ### etcd v3.4 and lower

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### etcd v3.4 And Earlier
```

> The log level of etcd can be changed dynamically via the API. You can configure debug logging using the commands below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In earlier etcd versions, you can use the API to dynamically change the log level.  Configure debug logging using the commands below:
```

> Command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
